Add merge.nf external instructions (#688)
AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf: external-instructions.md

```sh
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf \
  -config <path to config file>  \

>   -profile <name of profile> \

Reviewer: Was there a reason you deleted these?

Author: Yeah, there seems to be a convention where we don't include these lines when introducing additional flags to use for the `scpca-nf` workflow. Personally, I am very fine keeping these, but I thought that maybe it wasn't at the right "style" we were going for? So I can definitely put these lines back, but I want to be on the record that I am also in favor of including them in the other places we introduce flags (repeat mapping/celltyping, etc).

Reviewer: I'm 50/50 on this. I think you're fine to delete this.

nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf \
  --repeat_mapping
```

## Running the `merge.nf` workflow

In addition to the main `scpca-nf` workflow, this repository contains a separate workflow called `merge.nf` that will merge a set of processed ScPCA `SingleCellExperiment` objects into a single merged `SingleCellExperiment` object containing all counts from the specified libraries.

> Specifically, for a given SCPCA project id, this workflow creates a merged `SingleCellExperiment` object, a merged `AnnData` object, and an associated merged object HTML report.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Specifically this workflow creates a merged `SingleCellExperiment` object, a merged `AnnData` object, and an associated merged object HTML report encompassing all libraries with the same `scpca_project_id`. 
```
Generally, since these are external docs, we require the `scpca_project_id` column, but it doesn't have to actually correspond to a project ID for the portal. Since we refer to it in the section on preparing a metadata file, we may want to link to that section. But we also want to convey that that column is used for grouping.

Author: > But we also want to convey that that column is used for grouping.

You know, I guess then technically they could specify their own grouping by leveraging this column, but they'd also have to do a bunch of file re-organization. Do you think I should go into this?

Reviewer: They shouldn't have to do any file reorganization. Whatever unique ID is used in `scpca_project_id` column will be used to name the output folders when running `scpca-nf`. And then also used for grouping. I think we just want to emphasize that the grouping is based on the contents of that column which is set by the user.

Author: I guess I was thinking of a scenario where they wanted to specify a grouping that was _different_ from the id they used to run the main workflow. This would involve reorg, which I don't really want to dive into...unless someone actually asks us about it; _then_ we can add it.

> This workflow is specifically designed to run on processed `SingleCellExperiment` object files created by the `scpca-nf` workflow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workflow is specifically designed to run on processed `SingleCellExperiment` object files output by the `scpca-nf` workflow.
```

There are several important items to be aware of when running this workflow:

* **This workflow does not integrate libraries or perform any batch-correction**.
It only merges objects into a single object to facilitate downstream analyses such as, but not limited to, integration.

> * Running this workflow may require a significant amount of memory and up to 250 GB of storage.

Reviewer: I don't think we actually know how much storage is required? It's going to be dependent on what users are running and how many libraries are being merged. Maybe just a note that the merged object will total the storage of all individual libraries (or be less). 
Also, do we know what the memory is? Is it any different then the max memory we require to run the main workflow.

Author: Since all objects are being loaded into memory at once, I imagine quite a bit, but really we don't know. Maybe we come back to this sizing section once we actually have the information after running the projects through.

* If ADT counts from a CITE-seq experiment are included in at least one library being merged, these results will be included in the final merged object.
* Any HTO counts from multiplexed libraries will not be included in the final merged object.
* At this time, the workflow only supports merging libraries from the specified ScPCA project id(s).

> It is not currently possible to specify different groupings.

Reviewer: Same comment as above, we should rephrase this to just say that the `scpca_project_id` column is how to designate groupings.

  * A comma-separated list of ScPCA project ids can also be provided.
  In this case, a separate merged object will be created for each project id.
* `run_metafile`, the metadata file (`scpca-library-metadata.tsv`) which contains information about libraries to merge

The `merge.nf` workflow runs by first finding all libraries present, for each project, in the specified `params.outdir`, which represents the output directory where `scpca-nf` will have stored results from a prior run.
If you specified a different parameter value from the default `scpca-out` for the `outdir` parameter in your `scpca-nf` configuration file, you will need to ensure that same value is provided to `merge.nf`.
Results from running the `merge.nf` workflow will also be added to this `params.outdir` directory in a sub-directory called `merged`.
The `merge.nf` workflow will create merged objects for all processed library objects present for the specified project id.

In order to run this workflow, you will first need to clone the `scpca-nf` repository and navigate into it:

```sh
git clone git@github.com:AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf.git
cd scpca-nf
```

Then, you can run the workflow as follows:

```sh

> nextflow run merge.nf \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/merge.nf \
```
I think this should work? If so, we can remove the cloning instructions.

Author: Yeah, seems to work! But looks like users need to provide a tag with `-r`, too, so I'll add that also.

Therefore, you will need to take the following steps to run the `merge.nf` workflow:

1. Follow the instructions above to prepare to run the `scpca-nf` workflow, including [organizing your files](#file-organization), preparing both the [run metadata](#prepare-the-run-metadata-file) and [sample metadata](#prepare-the-sample-metadata-file) files, and [configuring your environment](#configuring-scpca-nf-for-your-environment).
The `scpca_project_id` values you specify in the metadata files will be used to determine which libraries should be merged together in the `merge.nf` workflow.
2. Run the `scpca-nf` workflow.
3. Run the `merge.nf` workflow, as described below.

#### Running the `merge.nf` workflow

The `merge.nf` workflow requires two parameters to run:

- `project`, the `scpca_project_id` whose objects should be merged
  * A comma-separated list of `scpca_project_id` values can also be provided.
  In this case, a separate merged object will be created for each id.
- `run_metafile`, the run metadata file which was previously prepared when running the main workflow

> <!-- I'm not sure this stuff about outdir is needed actually??-->

Reviewer: I think you can keep it, it probably doesn't hurt?

The `merge.nf` workflow runs by first finding all libraries present, for each project, in the specified `params.outdir`, which represents the output directory where `scpca-nf` will have stored results from a prior run.
If you specified a different parameter value from the default `scpca-out` for the `outdir` parameter in your `scpca-nf` configuration file, you will need to ensure that same value is provided to `merge.nf`.
Results from running the `merge.nf` workflow will also be added to this `params.outdir` directory in a sub-directory called `merged`.

> The `merge.nf` workflow will create merged objects for all processed library objects present for the specified project id.

Reviewer: I don't know if you need this sentence though? Maybe we need a small section on output files? like we have in the main instructions? It would be very brief though and just state that you get a merged object and merged report and maybe a tree showing the expected output structure.

The workflow can be run as shown:

```sh
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/merge.nf \
  -config <path to config file>  \
  -profile <name of profile> \
  --project <project id whose libraries should be merged>
```

To be sure that you are using a consistent version, you can specify use of a release tagged version of the workflow, set below with the `-r` flag.
The command below will pull the `scpca-nf` workflow directly from Github using the `v0.7.2` version.
Released versions can be found on the [`scpca-nf` repository releases page](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/releases).

```sh
nextflow run AlexsLemonade/scpca-nf/merge.nf \
  -r v0.7.2 \
  -config <path to config file>  \
  -profile <name of profile> \
  --project <project id whose libraries should be merged>
```

### Special considerations for specific data types when running `merge.nf`

There are some additional considerations to be aware of for libraries which contain additional modalities, such as ADT counts from CITE-seq or HTO counts from multiplexing.

> If any libraries in a merge group having ADT counts, these counts will also be merged and included in the final merged object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If any libraries in a merge group have ADT counts, these counts will also be merged and included in the final merged object.
```
